
The User experience Design head at Giftingnation is responsible to create soulful design and flows across web and mobile interfaces.

Gifting is all about bringing happiness and smiles to people and Giftingnation has a amazing opportunity to create a destination which will help people translate emotions into gifts on mobile.

We are looking for passionate UX thinkers who can empathize and create compelling experiences that can help people send and receive gifts easy &amp; fast.

Key Responsibilities

You will champion UX and Design within the organization and create a team of designers who can create simple, intuitive and delightful experiences that would help millions of people discover, send and receive gifts for their family and friends.

Create and evolve the user experience strategy for Giftingnation and align overall experience and visual design with Brand architecture.

Be accountable for the outcome of the design and own the delivery, quality including the learning and iteration cycle.

Collaborate actively with the product managers and engineers towards build best in class experiences, while pushing the needle of how front-end web &amp; mobile technologies can help deliver experiences that delight people.

Create and manage the Design roadmap being alive and aligned to the overall Business and Product Strategy.

Utilize qualitative and quantitative data from user research, analytics, and business analysis to drive demonstrable improvements to design solutions.

Evaluate competitive and innovative products and design approaches to identify best practices and encourage innovation.

Facilitate the sharing of best practices across UX teams.



Desired Skills And Experience

7 – 15 years in Interaction / UX design with at least 3 years in a team leadership position
Strong experience in user centric design, usability and interaction design principles
Demonstrated track record in conceptualizing experiences - balancing the science and art of experience design
Strong design and visual/oral/written communication skills, with ability rationalize and articulate the design thinking
Advanced ability to conceive and document solutions through user flows, storyboards, wireframes, personas, prototypes, test cases, or written specifications and user stories
Strong sense of aesthetics and visual design covering typography, layout &amp; wireframes, colour theory and overall visual appeal
Comfort with ambiguity and fast paced change
Professional and Personal portfolio showing engaging and appealing user experience design solutions
Strong knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and other web scripting languages
Proficiency with the tools of the trade


