
What is Pleroma?
Pleroma is a startup that churns out companies. We help people with ideas develop a minimum marketable product via lean methodology .
What are we looking for?
Cultural Fit (more important to us than just functional qualifications):

You naturally enjoy challenges, freedom, innovating and continuous self-learning
You can work independently, quickly and are proactive with both ideas &amp; implementation of code.
You don’t just identify problems, you offer solutions
You understand you will be working at a startup and the amount of time commitment and energy it takes to win - you are not looking for just 9am-5pm Monday to Friday only. We work evenings and weekends, if needed, to get great product shipped to our users.
You obsess over details and are excited to continuously incorporate the latest technology, open source solutions to improve scalability, user experience and funtionality.
You're constantly pushing your limits and searching for opportunities to become better.
Your team communication and collaboration skills are unparalleled - over-communication is a good thing
You thrive in an environment with short feedback loops and can iterate quickly
You're a self-starter who actively seeks ways to make the Morph Ventures product experience both visually appealing and easy to use.
You want to work on a fun, high energy team with the highest standard for themselves and those around them, building products that millions will use every day! 

Technology Fit ( native android development ) :

Design, build and deploy advanced applications for the Android platform
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features
Work with outside data sources and API's
Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability
Work on bug fixing and improving application performance
Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency

Why Pleroma?
The what answers the why.
One doesn't search for a mouse to go hunting together.
Job Perks

An insanley passionate environment
You get to work on cool projects every three months
Exponential learning curve
Health Insurance - to treat your bruises working on cutting edge technologies


