
We are looking for people who enjoy multi-tasking &amp; are passionate about helping small businesses.
If you’re the type of person who thrives on wearing multiple hats, If you roll with the punches, this could be the most rewarding job ever.
We are looking for Operations Officer @ ReDealer India. 
At ReDealer India, we help small businesses get online. There are 8 million small business in India, and that’s a big task in front of us. We need your help in ensuring that the success of people who join ReDealer India. Currently, there are around 150+ paying users @ ReDealer India, and to help them open &amp; run their online business – we have strategic alliances with payment gateways, logistics companies &amp; marketing agencies. This role gives you a lot of flexibility along with some imp responsibilities.
 
Your responsibility is primarily divided into two parts

 Working with clients &amp; ensuring their success
 Working with strategic partners of ReDealer India &amp; getting work done.

 
Client servicing responsibility includes: 

Helping customers set-up their ReDealer India accounts &amp; online stores
Providing clients with expert advice with regards to e-commerce
Provide ongoing support to users, via phone, e-mail &amp; chat, to ensure their success with ReDealer India
Retaining clients with extremely butterful relationship management
Set processes, automate, simplify and reduce administrative tasks in order to scale the team
Conduct on-going online meetings with users to communicate best practices
Proactively monitor and report on customer communications, usage and success to internal teams
Act as a trusted advisor and escalation point for a select set of customers
Identify at-risk renewals and work with engineering and product teams to devise methods to retain such accounts
Provide timely recommendations to clients on how to obtain the maximum results from ReDealer India

 
Operational management responsibility includes: 

Co-ordinating on regular basis with strategic partners ensuring operational efficiency
Automating process &amp; improving them relentlessly
Cracking new deals with different partners

All our customers are small time entrepreneurs – some really creative artists, designers, fresh grads out of NIFT / NID, brand-new startups, SMBs, etc. The best part of this job is that you would always be communicating with some super-cool &amp; super-smart entrepreneurs.
 
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR IN YOU?
 

No experience required, whatsoever.
Some prior exposure or sound understanding of e-commerce
Excellent written and verbal communication skills is a MUST
You derive a lot of satisfaction from helping other people.
You need to be someone who loves keeping all things organized
You need to be a problem solver who is fanatical about customers
You believe in the power of e-commerce, and how it can be helpful for small businesses
Successful track record in a client-facing role with demonstrable success in driving one or more of : customer satisfaction, customer retention, add on sales.
Customer experience is on the top of your mind, and you keep thinking how other business could have served their customers better
You are confident that you can manage strategic partners &amp; GET THE WORK DONE from them

 
If you think you have that “whatever it takes” attitude for such a role, apply now !

Email Id : redealer.in @ outlook.comMobile  : +91 90330 24545 Venue: 68 Girivar Homes, Nr. Madhav International School, Vastral Ahmedabad. (Gujarat)

