
Location: Bangalore/Pune
Job Opening: Chief Technology Officer Company Description: A Start-up initiative based out of Bangalore and Pune. Focused around creation of a next generation Mobile/Web Based Consumer Centric Reward and Loyalty Platform, the group consists of passionate and motivated professionals who bring to the table a very niche skillset around Cloud Computing, Business Intelligence, Digital Marketing and Mobility Solutions. The core proponents of the team bring a blend of MNCs and startup culture to the fold. The team comprises of founders who have worked in the world's leading MNCs as also others who have successfully run start-ups and grown them from scratch into million dollar enterprises. The Ideal Candidate we are looking for: - Required work experience level of 6+ years in the industry. - Should have led end to end development of atleast one web application/ mobility product that has been released and used by consumers / corporates. - Brings a deep understanding of multiple mobile technology platforms and web development languages to suggest and provide the creative solution approach/ direction for specific business requirements. - Ideally should have had prior experience and exposure in working with start-ups, leading the thought leadership process around development of mobile/ web applications. - Brings an entrepreneurial spirit to the table - go-getter, passionate and capable of inspiring the team with excellence around conceptualization and cracking difficult algorithms to assist in creation of next gen products/ solutions. - Methodical, process oriented individual with a strong coding background and understanding of mobile frameworks. Given a start-up setup, expectations would be to also assist in hands on coding when/ where required. - Must be a dreamer (creative thinker) to think big - for a global scale. We don't care about degrees/ institutional backgrounds or marks obtained! Rewards and Remuneration: Attractive equity based remuneration and stakes/ shares commensurate with the best industry standards. (Can be discussed in detail) Location - Pune/Bangalore (Open for work from home) Please understand that we are looking for hands on CTO, if you cant code, request you not to apply.

