
Musejam Opportunity
 
Are you in love with responsive designing and creating amazing user experiences?
 Do you wish you learn from the best, while making your work count?
 Do you love live music? Want to truly disrupt and grow it?
 Well then this is your chance, Musejam is hiring people.
 
Who are we?
 We are an online platform (mobile + web + social apps) that allows live music industry (artist, events, venue etc..) organize their content (info, connections, songs and videos) by connecting their facebook, youtube and soundcloud.
 After organizing this scattered content we present it on web, mobile and social platforms. Our primary goal is to create a simple &amp; fun experience that allows Musers (users) to discover and stay connected with their favorite artists, venues and fans by Musing them (follow, like, heart).
 By organizing this content we also help the live music people bring efficiency to their work. We can build many apps with this organized data to help the industry connect and grow.
 
Links about us

www.angel.co/musejam
 musejam.com (Private Beta)
 
What will you do?  
 We are a startup, so you will get the opportunity to wear multiple hats. However, below are the key activities you will be engaging in
 
- Refining the user experience across multiple channels - mobile, web and social app
 
- Designing from psd to html/css using trending technologies/frameworks
 
- Creating and tweaking the email templates
 
Your role will be to help us create a user experience that will make Musejam a habitual platform. This does not only mean web or mobile interaction design. This envolves a 360* perspective of design from thinking of a feature to creating the experience (across multiple scenerios &amp; platforms) to help execute it properly and then measuring its results.  
 
There would be fun opportunities to also create
 
- Creative posters, infographic and other marketing material of the live music industry
 
- If interested, cover events by clicking photos, taking videos and be on the ground :)
 
-Knowledge of HTML/CSS is a must!!
 
Who are we looking for?
 
People with a strong background in web design. They have the necessary skills to execute this by using the appropriate design and web softwares.
People who are interested in working in a fast pace, high potential start up and can wear multiple hats to solve problems. 

