
About Vishwaganga :
We are a real estate marketing firm which caters to the marketing needs of the real estate sector worldwide. We are dedicated to providing marketing solutions to the real estate sector.
Our motto :  
Our motto is to give the best and world class marketing solutions possible to our customers in the real estate sector with the help of best talent to work with.
Our Team :
We are engineers and marketers from IIT's, NIT's, IIM's. We believe in team work. We are passionate about building new things and changing world to serve the people's needs in a better way. We strive to be perfect and give hundred percent in what we do.  But for sure you won't regret taking this opportunity.  We learn, impliment things at the speed of light.
Internship Duration : 2 months ( Work from home and should possess laptop )
Criteria for Internship :
a) B.tech (CS/ECE/EEE) fresh out of college or currently pursuing b.tech preferably from IIT's, NIT's, BIT's and anybody who likes to work in startups and satisfies following things.
b) Learning attitude, hardworking, passionate about work, honest, Integrity is important, habit of taking ownership of things, Ready to take on new challenges.
c) Should be curious and passionate about technology in general specifically interested in Web Development.
d) on an average 8 Hrs of work everyday.
Benefits :
a) Huge learning opportunity. learning about startups overall.
b) You will develop skills to build any website from scratch and learn about different technologies availble to design a website.
c) Chance to work with a passioante team from the most premium colleges in India.
d) Certificate of accomplishment.
e) Chance to learn about the markets all over the world.
f) You will be given money once our customers starts to flood in.
g) Chance to get a full time job at company. If you secure a job you will one amongst very few who will join company initially. More early means you will get more prominant position in company. 


