
We are looking for a full stack Ruby on rails developer (with strong front end skills - HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap)
What will you be doing?

Working with a senior developer to build and enhance features on CollegElf. We use Ruby on Rails with MySQL database for back end and Bootstrap, jQuery for front end.
Build RESTful web APIs using Ruby on Rails framework which is used by web applications and also by mobile apps in future
Building UI libraries and adding smooth transitions using CSS3 and jQuery animations.
Build mobile optmized pages using HTML5. You may also work on building HTML5 based mobile apps.
Work on bug fixes and new feature enhancements on Get A Plan for SAT (Ruby on Rails, MySQL, Bootstrap, HTML5, jQuery, CSS3)
Optimizion : A) Optimizing data base queries i.e. analyzing query plans, adding indexes etc. B) Optimizing client side code to reduce load time i.e. JS minification, HTML compression, reducing HTTP requests etc.
Working with document database like mongoDB (i.e. integrating it with Rails) to store, retrieve and search knowledge base articles used for CollegElf
Working external APIs like HelpScout, Slack etc. Integrating web and mobile apps with these APIs

An ideal candidate is someone who,

is a quick learner and can adapt to emerging technologies very fast (we mean real fast)
needs minimal supervision, who can take responsibility of the task given and deliver it on time.
can work in a fast paced environment - we are a start up and things move very quickly here.
can handle chaos and is able to perform under high pressure.
gets along with the team very well and is able to co-ordinate with every one in the company (even people outside of the team).
fun loving, passionate and a curios soul.

We work on a lean model and we iterate very quickly. You will get a chance to work with very talented and highly motivated team.
We are a funded startup into ed-tech domain and are based in Singapore. We are building a new product (CollegElf) that aims to make the college application process very easy and efficient. We have also built a gamified app for SAT learning (Get A Plan for SAT) and have a good user base already using the app.
Note: Since we are based in Singapore, it may be required for the person to re-locate to Singapore.

