
If you are interested in leading a enterprise product UI/UX design. The scope of work involves developing the UI and UX for a complex mobile enterprise data analytics product. A very challenging piece of work.

Essential Skills:

UX Design, User Centred Design, Usability/Web UX, Information Architecture, UI Design, Mobile UX, wireframing, prototyping, Photoshop, Illustrator, fireworks.

Duties &amp; Responsibilities:

You need to visualize detail level of design concepts from wireframes into creative visual design and prototypes to communicate ideas for navigation and interactions.
You'll be given full ownership of your ideas, and so you’ll be required to create both beautiful mockups/wireframes/prototypes - and implement them using materializecss framework. You don't need to be an expert, but you need to be willing and eager to get your hands dirty in the code.
Eye for detail with good understanding of user behaviour and UX design pattern.
As a designer in our Product team you'll be a key part of the idea generation process, &amp; design interactions for applications (responsive web), work closely with engineering, product management.
Understanding of material design is a huge plus.

Required Skills &amp; Qualifications:

3-8 years experience in designing user interfaces for responsive web.
Conceptual understanding of User Interface Design and the Design Process
Bachelor Degree or equivalent professional design experience.
Strong technical knowledge with an understanding of how digital products are built, particularly mobile, eg. Responsive, Adaptive, Mobile sites.
Expertise using workflow and wireframe tools such as Illustrator, Fireworks, InDesign, Photoshop, Fireworks, illustrator.
Strong design and communication skills, with an ability to rationalize and articulate your design thinking.
An avid reader of Smashing magazine, UX Mag, A List Part, UX Booth, etc.
Any previous experience with analytics product is huge plus


Job Perks
The role may be converted to a full time role if candidate is interested and proves his mettle.

