
Eligibility : Any Graduate, BE/B.Tech
Location : Delhi
Job Category : Core Technical, StartUp, Others, 1 to 3 Yr Exp
Last Date : 1 August  2015
Job Type : Full Time
Hiring Process : Face to Face Interview, Telephonic Interview
Skills: Java / J2EE, Android Development, Embedded System, Artificial Intelligence
Mad Machines - Job Details
Looking for Mobile Application Developer (Android)
Responsibilities :

Development of our Application () for Android platform focussing on front end 
Supporting, deploying, and maintaining critical product applications
Troubleshoot complex system issues and fix software defects when required
Database programming, including SQL queries, schema, table and view creation
Continuous integration of code into (GIT) source code control systems
Work with Product and IT Leadership on strategic software and development planning
Collaborate with Designers and Product Managers for product development
Collaborate with C Developers to integrate product libraries using Android NDK.
Ability to work independently while participating in a team environment.
Effective decision-making and the ability to come up with innovative technology strategies is important

Basic Qualifications:

Expertize of XML and OpenGL ES( Open GL for Embedded System)
Android: Strong Java skills with extensive knowledge of the Android SDK and NDK
Experience in Game Development is preferred. Candidates should have worked on SDK or third party Game Engines such as UnrealEngine4,Unity3D,Marmalade, Cocos2Dx,AndEngine,ibgdx or AppGameKit.
Exposure to Agile Development Principles is preferred.

This Job is ExpiredCompany Profile
Mad Machines is a young Product based start-up. We deal in designing products for companies using Machine Learning. Our exploits so far include working in verticals such as write intelligent software to automate and improve processes.
We work across domains such as Travel,Food and Beverages, Medicine etc. Our founding team consists of alumni of IIT Delhi.


