
About the company Perdix is a design solutions firm but it is not just another design solutions firm. As a team, we strongly believe that when we- re designing a product or providing a service, we- re not merely fulfilling a need, but creating an experience. Our aim is to impress upon the world that design is what makes or breaks businesses. At Perdix, we expect and encourage designers to bring interesting ideas and solutions to the table. We believe design implemented with the best design practices requires effort and thus delivers a lot of value. 
The Position Perdix is currently reviewing portfolios of qualified Visual Designers who create complex interactive experiences for applications, software, and web interfaces. As a Visual Designer at Perdix, you contribute to digital projects, understanding a client's business, product and communication goals, and translating them into unique creative solutions. This role requires an extremely solid foundation in visual design, user experience, user interface, and a sound understanding of available client-side technologies. Qualified candidates will share our belief that design is as much about behavior and emotion as it is about utility and ease of use. You will be responsible for the development of innovative navigation systems, interface designs, typography, and screen layouts for software, application, web sites, and other interactive media. 
Competencies

Experience in designing visual language systems for digital products and services
Wildly creative and obsessively meticulous
A keen understanding of user behavior as it relates to design
Broad experience that demonstrates sensitivity to diverse subject matter- from product interaction to software tools and applications to the web
Superb information design abilities, fastidious and efficient production, optimization and documentation habits, and impeccable problem solving skills
Solid understanding of practical benefits and limitations of internet technologies
A fearless and positive attitude
Collaborate with multiple stakeholders across teams to understand business requirements and innovate on new interfaces that leverage modern day technology, to solve problems in a better way.
We value active participation and encourage ideas from our colleagues to flow in during the brainstorming sessions for any project, hackathon, party or picnic. 


