
Graphics Designer (2 -5 years experience)
Role &amp; Responsibilities 
For a brand to stand out and be remembered, it NEEDS great design. Great design not only with regards its consumer facing packaging, but across all its consumer touch points.
In fact we @ SkillzotBiz don’t see design as a differentiator but a driver of the business. In the case of SkillzotBiz, this is right from the portal interface, to online and offline marketing collaterals and communication for the B2B segment.
We are changing the way Presentations are made in India. Presentations are no longer boring slides ridden with bullets. They are stories we tell. So in essence, think visually rich story books, right from book cover design (the presentation title slide), to billboards (each slide) to funky and whacky illustrations, icons and images.
The role is one that calls for the creation of a visual story. On a broad level it involves a mix of graphic design and illustrations along with opportunities to hone copywriting skills if you so wish to. (In fact it’s a plus)
Key responsibilities will be - 

Slide ware design for presentations – create illustrations, design background, images, colour palettes, templates for presentation slide ware (Presentations are no longer what they were, they are taking a new leap in design. Each presentation is designed as if it were a book/magazine/brochure/marketing collateral. Take a look at these amazing presentations - http://workawesome.com/communication/top-10-coolest-powerpoint-slideshows-slideshare/ and http://www.slideshare.net/ethos3/how-to-be-a-presentation-god
Design and implement public facing web-pages, templates, e-mailers and marketing elements based on SkillzotBiz brand guidelines
Creating illustrations for social media content and infographics
Copywriting (optional) - at various customer interface points, including e-mails &amp; key marketing areas

Skills/Traits required 

Exceptional visual design. The ability to look at a script and convert it to a visual story
Proficiency with photoshop/Illustrator and PowerPoint (we can teach PowerPoint)
Knack for whacky and funky design
Self-driven and passionate to create brilliant design and initiate ideas that will help the brand stand out
Really excellent attention to detail
Open to iterative process of development - there will be continual research and feedback to help improve the product, so an open mind set of 'learning and correcting' on the go is necessary
Sense of humour

Added information

Part-time option is also there with flexibility of work hours and working from home with deliverables as per timelines as key focus
Please visit our website on www.skillzotbiz.com

Job Perks
Work from home (but in Mumbai only)

