
Responsible for the coordination of ALL digital content.
The right candidate will have experience in cross channel content marketing and content optimization including text, audio, video and image content, social media marketing and search marketing.
The Content Marketing Manager is a creative marketing mind with the ability to organize projects and meet deadlines. The ability to interpret analytics and troubleshoot web related technical issues is a plus.
 This position requires experience in using digital content to support strategic organizational objectives.
Responsibilities

Developing and managing a content marketing strategy that supports business goals of the entire marketing and sales funnel including Increasing Brand and Offer Awareness, Growing Website Traffic and Generating Leads.
Create, edit and manage the production of digital content that is consistent with the Mentors Guild’s brand, style and tone.
Develop and maintain a content calendar that attracts and appeals to the organization’s various buyer personas.


Create procedures for the execution, optimization, distribution and amplification of our content.
Collaborate with in-house and outsourced content creators, editors, data analysts, graphic designers, videographers, developers, etc.
Track content marketing metrics and show continuous improvement of the content strategy based on analytics.


Education/Experience Requirements

Masters degree (Preferably in Marketing, Journalism, Communications or Public Relations)
3+ years experience in digital content strategy and tactics including content creation, editing, analytics, social media marketing and search engine optimization.
Experience in project management and/or management of an in-house and outsourced team.


Skills
The Content Marketing Manager position requires a number of skills including:

Content Marketing – Developing a content marketing strategy.
Search Engine Optimization – A demonstrated ability to drive traffic from search engines.
Social Media Marketing – Using social media channels to distribute and amplify the organization’s content.
Editing – Strong language skills and the ability to adjust content to remain consistent with brand, style and tone.
Blogging – Successful management of a business blog.
Copywriting – Create and present content that persuades.
Lead Generation – Use digital content to generate leads and sales.
Analytics – Excellent command of Google analytics platforms to adjust marketing strategy and tactics.

Job Perks
Apart for an opportunity to work on a potentially gamechanging platform, Mnetors Guild offers a unique opportunity to work with several business thought leaders, like John Baldoni mentorsguild.com/john.baldoni
The ideal candidate will get a fixed salary, a performance based bonus and stock options.


