
What is CallHub
CallHub (https://callhub.io) is a communication hub for businesses and political candidates. It helps businesses with their direct marketing campaigns. It helps candidates get their message to their voters, conduct surveys, manage event/townhall invites and with recruiting volunteers for election campaigns.
CallHub is profitable, growing and has hundreds of paying customers across 11 countries.Our ValuesDelight Customers. We take great pride in delighting our customers. Attention to detail to provide a "wow" experience for customers is very important to us.
Openness &amp; Trust. We believe that being open is a virtue. We are trusting and open in the company. You'll have access to all aspects of the business freely.Why Join UsDo you love building? We are always building new things. We have lots of data. We use it to generate analytics and actionable predictions. We are scaling up fast, so our software needs to handle scale gracefully.If you enjoy building software, this is a wonderful place to be in.Typical Day at the JobHere is how a typical day will look like. You start by looking the status of the production dashboard, new support requests and bugs. With a quick scan you find that that the message counts are not getting updated after the code push last night. You jump on it right way and send a short code-review out, after testing it on your staging setup.With that out of the way, you get back to the feature that you have been working on. You know exactly why you are building this feature and what impact it will have on the customers. The feature was specced out last week in some intense design discussions. You finished a quick prototype yesterday. You throw it out today and start the code and unit testing for the initial release. The plan is to deploy a basic version this week sometime, gather feedback over a few days and then fine-tune it based on what the customers say.Just after lunch, while you code, you come across a bug in the queuing sub-system. You decide that it would be simple for you to fix it as well and so you do. While you fixed the bug, you thought about how you can make the queuing system much more scalable. You write a quick note to yourself to talk about it later.By the end of the day you'll have a good chunk of the new feature implemented. You'll send that queuing system bug fix for code-review tomorrow morning and continue your work of the new feature.
Technical QualificationsYou will,    have written applications using Django for atleast 2-3 years    be fluent in Django and Python and comfortable using Git    be happy with HTML and JavascriptYou are special if you also have these skills,    Ability to design webpages and convert it to HTML    Know central limit theorem without Googling itYou'll have the opportunity to add more technology as needed. Current stack includes,    Django, Python    Redis, Postgres    Celery, Memcache    Bootstrap, JQuery, JavascriptWe are looking for someone who sees their role as bigger than just programming. You'll also get to know our business. You'll also look for opportunities to make things cooler for our customers.
How the Role will DevelopInitially, the tasks you take on will be smaller and fairly well defined. Longer term, the requirements you get will be more general, and you’ll interpret them to produce great solutions. You’ll also generate tasks on your own initiative as you identify opportunities.As we grow, we may need to take on more developers. You’ll have the opportunity to be responsible for these folks if you want.

Job Perks

Solve problems that affects thousands of users
Work with smart people
Market Salary
Potential Stock Options
MacBook for Development


