
We are team of analysts, engineers, data scientists and designers building powerful intelligence tools for business users. Contify is a 360 degree market intelligence platform that enables businesses to monitor competitors, customers, suppliers, and critical market variables against event triggers on an ongoing basis with unmatched precision and relevance.

ROLE SUMMARY: 

Position: Software Developer
Function/Team: Technology Team
Location: Delhi
Reporting to: Project Lead/ Manager
Working Hours: 9 Hours per day with 5 days a week. Should be flexible to work in start-up environment
Travel: No
Expected onboard time (After roll-out of offer): 15-30 days

 
ABOUT THE TEAM: 
The technology team at Contify is responsible for enhancing and maintaining the various aspects of our flagship product. This invovles feature additions to our web service and our client side apps, performance/architecture enhancements, tuning our NLP, machine learning algorithms and a lot more. We stay on the cutting edge, while being sensible about it. Depending on how good you are, you will eventually be allowed to choose your own area of specialization.
ABOUT THE ROLE:
RESPONSIBILITIES

Coordinate with the team lead and architect for new requirements.
Participate in design discussions and provide input on various feature requests and requirements.
Code up new features, fix reported bugs, enhance the product in any way possible.
Understand the existing code base, and monitor and maintain existing code.
Perform peer reviews of colleagues, help maintain high coding standards, learn and share wisdom on best practices.
Manage the software release process.

 
CURRENT TECHNOLOGY STACK

Python and Django are our primary tools.
PostgreSQL as our database.
Apache Solr for search.
AngularJS and jQuery for client side magic.
OS - Fedora Linux.
We love trying out new things and are open to adopting new tools/frameworks if their practicality for the job at hand can be proved.

 
DESIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

Engineering graduate (preferably computer science) with 0 to 3 years of hands-on experience in coding and web development.
Proven experience and in-depth knowledge in one or more technologies. Experience in Python or any other scripting language is a bonus.
Passionate about programming. You are among those who have written multiple scripts for productivity or written proprietary libraries if you can’t find something that fits the need.
Participated in the full life cycle of a large project: design, implementation, testing, releasing and sustaining.
Experience in unit testing and identifying good test cases.
Experience in working with at least one database - Oracle, MySQL or PostgreSQL preferred. Experience with an ORM technology to map against a relational store is a bonus.
Experience in natural language processing libraries like NLTK or exposure to some of these areas is a bonus: Text Classification, Semantic search, Web crawling, Information extraction, Sentiment analysis, Bayesian classification.
Experimenting with lots of latest development libraries and tools.
Must be able to show us projects/websites that you have created. Bonus points if you’ve created these projects/websites outside of your work (we love seeing proof of how much you love technology and coding).

 
EDUCATION/PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
Undergraduate:  BBA/B.Tech.
Graduate/post graduate: Preferred MCA/MS
Language skills: English


