
We are looking for a UI Designer to work on our  gamified online learning platform. In this role, you’ll craft beautiful, compelling, delightful experiences. You’ll work to extend and expand the visual language of our products. You will help us shape the next generation of our platform.  
This role is based in Pune, India.

About the team
The 3 member team is currently based in Pune, India and is made of ex-Facebook and ex-Fab.com engineers. We share a passion for teaching, and believe that some of the current online learning options are not as engaging as they should be. With that in mind, we are working to build something which might help solve the problem.  
What we’re looking for:
A designer whose work is clean, modern, focused, and inspiring to others. You have experience working on mobile, desktop, or web apps, demonstrable graphic design talent, and have an interest in motion design and data visualization. You’re passionate about design, coherency of visual language, and crafting beautiful things.
 
Responsibilities

Work with product management to define visual style to new and redesigned features
Build a persona and mascot to drive the storyline for the platform.
Communicate styles and screen designs to stakeholders
Extend and evolve the visual identity of the brand.
Develop and maintain design wireframes, mockups, and specifications as needed
Export assets and illustrations for developers

 
Requirements

Experience designing and building products and features for mobile or desktop, native or web
Obsession with details and pixel-perfection
Passion for people-centered design
An ability to tell compelling stories about your designs and present your work with confidence
Ability to prioritize projects, communicate progress, and deliver on time
Comfort in a fast-paced, highly-dynamic environment
Proficient in Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch, or other design tools
A passion for teaching and helping people learn.

 
Desired (not required)

Motion design ability or experience using animation to educate, engage and delight

Job Perks
We are very early stage startup and you will be 4th person in the team. We can provide stay at our productivity pod(if you want), and all the meals are available along with a well stocked fridge all the time. We often organize BBQ and dart games in our lounge.

