
SUMMARY OF POSITION:The Technical Architect is a key member of the product team and is responsible for the overall technical design and build of the custom elements of a product.The Technical Architect works as a team member along with the Team/Engagement Manager, Solution Architect and supporting team members to deliver the complete solution.RESPONSIBILITIES:1.    Co-team with the Solutions Architect to produce a technical specification for custom development  and systems integration requirements   2. Produce a detailed technical design document to match the solution design specifications   3. Complete/oversee the custom development and quality assurance efforts for custom work   4. Participate and lead, when needed, in project meetings    5. Manage development designs across multiple products to meet required time lines.   6. Provide Training to the operations team as and when required   7. Participate in internal projects and discussions as and when required   8. Maintain current network/product certifications and obtain new certifications as and when neededPREFERRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE:Ideal candidate must be self-motivated with a proven track record in Cloud technologies and comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization. Candidate must be organized and analytical, adept at working in a team environment, able to design and implement a product schedule, and able to handle multiple priorities in a fast moving environment. Additional preferred qualifications are:1. B.S/B.E degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or equivalent preferred2. Around 10+ years of experience in Java/J2ee development.3. 5-7 years of relevant experience in professional services, development and customer support operations4. Experience in common frameworks like Struts, Springs, Hibernate or any other ORM framework including SOAP, Restful api’s and related technologies (JSON, XML, etc), and Database technologies (Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, JDBC, SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedures)5. Good to have knowledge in resolving database performance issues.6. Good to have experience in Native Android SDK Development.7. Good knowledge and understanding of Web Service API’s for integration purposes8. Ability to understand the business requirements and converting them into solution designs9. Knowledge in web-based systems architecture, service-based architecture, enterprise application architecture as well as experience managing expectations when balancing alternatives against business and financial constraints10. Thought leadership in emerging web design technologies, web design integration, prototyping, database driven content and web based user interfaces11. Should have participated in, and be familiar with, Agile (Scrum) project methodologies12. Good to have knowledge on network architecture and cloud computing.13. Proven Development consulting experience14. Ability to work in team oriented environments and to handle multiple teams including remote teams15. Ready to work with Startups

