
The Chief Technology Officer's role is to assure the successful execution of the company's business mission through development and deployment of the company's web and mobile presence. This requires envisioning the company's service offerings as a web-based business, leading implementation of web applications, and planning for risk and growth. Responsibilities: In partnership with the company's founders, identify opportunities and risks for delivering the company's services. - You will lead and advocate for teams in the design, development, unit testing, implementation and operations of products. This is a new and innovative product set that is primed for rapid growth in a very competitive landscape. - You will need to establish a team that can deliver fast and predictably, fostering a productive environment which insists on the highest technical standards.- You will own a mixed agile development environment to drive the delivery roadmaps of customer focused product features and functionality. - You will be responsible for ensuring sanity of architecture, advocacy for operational excellence and quality, delivering results on time and working with other software teams in coming up with what software changes need to be implemented in which system, in order for the feature to launch. - You will be responsible for clarifying use cases, requirements and milestones. - You will be responsible for hiring, mentoring and managing a highly skilled set of Software Development Engineers. Thoughtfully managing them to deliver and fostering an environment of growth. Basic Qualifications : - 3+ years of experience building innovative software solutions - Proven results oriented person with a delivery focus. - Excellent verbal and written communication skills - Ability to work well with people and be both highly motivated and motivating - Proven ability to architect and operate large scale systems. - High attention to detail including precise and effective customer communications. - Ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously. - Ability to understand and discuss technical concepts, schedule tradeoffs and opportunistic new ideas with technical employees. - Should be able to think strategically and execute methodically and tactically

