
iOS Application Developer
We are on the lookout for our next awesome iOS Developer to join our young team and deliver brilliant and trendsetting iOS mobile applications for our healthcare platform.
What you’ll do:

You will build iOS mobile products that define the future of healthcare.
You will write efficient, reusable and maintainable code.
You will deliver high performing and scalable solutions to problems in healthcare.
You will work closely with the designers to execute the emerging designs and ensure that the feasibility and usability of the product are enhanced further.
You will be compelled to ask questions that expose flaws and gaps, while keeping an eye on the broader context to ensure cohesion with design.

What we are looking for:

You have developed cutting edge iOS applications.
Startup friendly i.e self-starter, quick learner, hardworking and passionate.
Strong computer science fundamentals – databases, object oriented programming.
Absolutely passionate towards coding, mobile and of course iOS.
Pretty strong coding skills on Objective C, good knowledge on Web Services, SOAP and JSON.
Good command over Xcode 5 and iOS SDK.
Strong debugging &amp; troubleshooting skills.
Bonus points if you have built self-initiated, open source mobile applications.
Bonus points if you have good understanding of user experience and design.
You can creatively solve problems at all levels of detail: from the big picture to the nuts and bolts.

Job Role - ANDROID / iOS (SME's)
Level of Hiring - Developer / Senior Developer / Tech Lead)
Job Location - Bangalore, India
Education Qualification - Candidates passed out from Premier Institutes like IIT, REC (preferred)
Candidates having experience of working with Startup Product Based Organization or .Com Based Organization (preferred)
Client would looking for candidates who are stable in their career and have been part of Android Development / iOS Development since scratch.
Should have been part of Application Development Team right from Coding to Development from Scratch.
Expert in Java/J2EE.
Also highlight Google Play Link or Android App Link in all the projects you have worked for.
Overall we are looking for Subject Matter Experts in Android and iOS Development portfolio.
You will be working with an incredible team of smart &amp; supportive people, driven by an unknown force to change things for the better. With an opportunity to deliver high-calibre mobile solutions that will transform healthcare ground up, there will ultimately be different challenges for you to face. But for those who thrive in these environments, the buzz alone will keep you energized. In short you will snag a place at the table of one of the most vibrant startups in the industry!!
Job Perks
Fixed Salary + 10% Variable + Gratuity + PF + Medical Cover for Self &amp; Family + All Other Standard Benefits

