
DigiCollect GIS is on the lookout for exceptional UI Developer with strong aptitude and the willingness to learn and contribute in a highly skilled and research oriented environment.
Role:
The role requires you to contribute writing high quality code in a team oriented environment involving research and continuous improvements towards building highly scalable Mobile GIS products and services using the latest and greatest web and mobile technologies.
Technology skills:

 Strong programming knowledge in JavaScript, Coffee Script, Flash (Preferably JavaScript)
 Strong knowledge of HTML5, CSS.
Exposure to at least one web development framework. (jQuery  / NodeJS / Angular / KnockOut / Django / Any PHP framework)
Strong knowledge of Web Frameworks I.e (Bootstrap, Kendo UI, Jquery UI, Touch etc.)
 Strong knowledge of User interface design patterns and techniques such as Responsive Design, Grid Based Layouts, Mobile Friendly Web Pages etc.
Knowledge of Photoshop, Dreamweaver will be preferred.
Comfortable working on Linux and Windows operation systems.
Basic knowledge or exposure to GIS technologies will be advantageous but not mandatory.
Good understanding of mobile / and web technologies.
Exposure to the software development life cycle will be a great plus with focus on building great software through iterations.
Willingness to learn and work on open source web technologies / frameworks / reporting systems / analytics / infrastructure will be desirable.

 Personal Skills:

 Highly passionate individual willing to have fun solving some of the industry’s complex problems.
Good communication skills, ability to listen and communicate effectively.
Must be a team player and willing to support team members and work as a team.
Excellent analytical skills in understanding the specifications, design challenges and ability to analyse problems to give quick scalable solutions on a constant basis.
Quick learner who is able to get the job done with minimal guidance

Educational Qualifications:
B.E / B.Tech / M.Tech / MCA / MSc with a strong aptitude towards computing, programming, web and mobile technologies.
What to expect:
A great start-up environment with ability to work on a variety of challenges on large scale and a chance to directly make an impact on the industry with your good work.
About DigiCollect GIS:
DigiCollect GIS is a NASSCOM 10K Start-up, which builds great products and services on the GIS platform using cutting edge technologies and research. For more, please visit www.digicollectgis.com

