
Wirecamp is a new generation technology services company initiated by a team of IT enthusiasts in Bangalore,India. We've been delivering a number of high quality and creative business solutions and services for the customers across the globe, since its inception. We wake up to a new dawn,everyday,with a desire to design solutions that are not mainstream and which come loaded with the caliber to revolutionize the world of internet or otherwise.

Role: Web Developer

Experience:1-4 years
Role Definition: The role is responsible for designing, coding and modifying websites, from layout to function and according to a client's specifications. Strive to create visually appealing sites that feature user-friendly and responsive design and clear navigation.Responsibilities


Candidate must have a strong understanding of UI, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and standards.


The position encourages constant communication with colleagues and clients.


Experience in planning and delivering software platforms used across multiple products and organizational units.


Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems.


Deep expertise and hands on experience with Web Applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's.


Deep functional knowledge or hands on design experience with Web Services (REST, SOAP, etc ..) is needed to be successful in this position.


A decent expertise in WordPress is mandatory; a good understanding of Magento and Joomla enhances the preference.


Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications.A clear understanding of payment gateway configuration.


Web Development Skills: JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, Web Programming Skills, WordPress, Magento,Joomla,E-Commerce,cross-browser compatibility, Web User Interface Design (UI), Security Principles, Object-Oriented Design, Web Services (REST/SOAP), Multimedia Content Development, API integration etc.
Job Perks
A fun workplace with sumptuous meals and free beer on fridays!

