
eezyrent.com is a 2 year old startup created to make your rental search – faster, easier, cheaper – be it for a place (exclusive or shared), or a tenant / flatmate for your place. We are broker-free. We are already generating significant revenue, and our roadmap is very clear.
We are looking for young, energetic, extremely talented software engineers to to help us bring the real estate industry into the 21st century – by building a smart product that understands what the user needs, and with features make rental search truly reliable &amp; effortless.
Our office is on Link Road, Malad West (near Mindspace). 

RESPONSIBILITIES
Your job will be to take up business problems and deliver tech solutions for them.

Work in a team to quickly understand, prototype and deliver a robust, scalable solution. 
Build scalable web based systems
Handle extension &amp; maintenance of existing systems
Develop test cases &amp; test suites
Collaborate with product mgmt team to define features and build products that will delight our customers, and help our operations team be highly productive.
Participate in the entire engineering process, from design through to integration testing, deployment and monitoring.
Learn to define &amp; design systems; develop detailed implementation plans, and coordinate cross-team dependencies.


You will work closely with co-founders to get an in-depth understanding of the business. Your growth will depend entirely upon your willingness &amp; ability to understand the product and the business, take responsibility to enhance it, and deliver high quality work within the agreed timelines.

REQUIREMENTS
Minimum 1 year hands-on development experience in the use of .NET technology and Object Oriented Programming, including (not limited to) ASP .net, C#, ADO .net, Web Service, WCF, Windows Service, MVC framework

AJAX, jQuery, JavaScript, JSon, XML, CSS Knowledge would be an added advantage.
Hands-on experience with .Net Framework
Minimum 1 year of hands-on experience in relational database design and development, preferable SQL Server 2008 R2.
Excellent experience of using IDE like Visual Studio .NET (2008 onwards).
Experienced using source control programs, preferably TFS and Visual Source Safe.
Familiar with the structure and operation of Microsoft Internet Information Server (6.0 and higher).
Hands-on experience on product development and familiar with product development life cycle
Display a high degree of inquisitiveness and an eagerness to learn at a detailed and abstract level.
Highly self-motivated with a strong business sense to capture and fulfill the business requirements for all products and articulate in an architecture model.
Good analytical, communication and interpersonal skills.
Strong academic background
Loves to learn new technologies and is a fast learner.
Be extremely customer centric. Should like going the extra mile to make the customer happy
1-3 years of experience 


