
About Unbxd:
Unbxd is a B2B technology company offering data-driven product discovery to ecommerce companies worldwide. Unbxd helps ecommerce companies connect customers to the right products using our personalized site search &amp; recommendations tools.
We work with some of the largest online retailers like Pepperfry, Yepme, Caratlane, Deborah Lippmann and over 200 more in 40+ countries. We aim to help these clients use technology &amp; big data to personalize &amp; enrich the online shopping experience and supercharge conversions.
Unbxd is a young company with 40 passionate employees and we're always hiring our next rockstar!
About the Role:
We're looking for a creative &amp; experienced graphic &amp; web designer to join the growing team at Unbxd. This role primarily involves the conceptualization and design of the Unbxd website, online presence and all marketing collaterals (web and print).
We're looking for a designer that is able to take initiative and work with little guidance. Moreover, we want someone to truly understand the Unbxd brand and portray it effectively across all our web and print properties.
Roles &amp; Responsibilities:

Design beautiful creatives for web and print across a wide range of assets i.e. webpages, landing pages, emailers, whitepapers, ebooks, presentations, branding collateral etc..
Create customer-centric designs by integrating marketing objectives, target audience and creative assets.
Develop and contribute to Unbxd’s visual specifications and style guides.

Skills &amp; Experience:

We are looking for someone with 2-3 years experience.
A master of common graphic design and web design tools like Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Corel Draw.
Hands on skills in designing print and digital interfaces.
Excellent knowledge of information design, typography, layout and color theory.
Has a portfolio with brilliant graphic design work.
Can crank out multiple stylistic approaches to a problem.
Has a desire to keep learning throughout their career.


