
 
"If You’re Offered a Seat on a Rocket Ship, You Don’t Ask What Seat. You Just Get On.” - Eric Schmidt 

‘Healers at Home’ is revolutionizing the home healthcare industry of India. We are providing home services such as Physiotherapy, Medical care, Yoga etc. and have done more than 4000 home visits so far. Recently, we also won at the IIT Kanpur Business Plan competition.
The founding team members have studied at reputed institutes like IIT Kanpur, BITS Pilani and Young India Fellowship (in association with University of Pennsylvania). They have extensive experience of startups, product management &amp; marketing and have worked quite closely with government. 

Role: 
This is a chance for you to be part of a rock star team en route to be the next billion dollar company. You will be a part of the founding team and will be responsible for rolling out world class mobile app and web platform for doctors and patients. You will dream, think and do whatever it takes for simplifying &amp; automating the processes for the patients, doctors and the team. As a co-founder, you will be making all the key technology decisions for scaling up the startup. 

Must Have: 

Experience of leading technology initiatives and processes. Experience of handling tech stack (both front end and back end)
Hands on experience in building Mobile and web applications &amp; architecting the backend stack.
Be familiar with REST based services for backend development.
Experience with Version Control Systems – Git/SVN.
Knowledge of how to deploy CI (Continuous Integration) systems. 


Good to Have: 

You have experience with Apache Cordova /PhoneGap, Appcelerator, Sencha Touch and Angular, Backbone.
You are familiar with AWS.
You have made any FOSS contribution.


Joining Date: ASAP! ;) 
 
Office Location: Vasundhara Enclave, East Delhi. 
 
You can find more information about us on our facebook page: www.facebook.com/healersathome 
 
For any queries, feel free to reach out to us at 09654454439. 
 
If you want to join the rocket ship, send us your resume at kshitij.garg@yifp.in with “Tech Co Founder” as the subject line of the email.
 
If not, kindly refer to your friends. We have interesting gifts for referrals. Thanks.

REQUIREMENTS
Ideal Candidate Profile:

 Startup Enthusiast: You believe that you can change the world and are ready to push your limits for the same. 
Experience: Stellar record of building mobile and web platforms, Past startup experience is a huge plus. 
Traits: Extremely motivated, creative, entrepreneurial, energetic, analytical and hard-working; Good communication skills. Most important - willing to go that extra mile to get the work done. 
Education: At least B. Tech or B. Sc., Computer Science Department is a plus

Job Perks
Perks &amp; Benefits: 

Stocks Options &amp;/or Salary (Based on profile and fit)
Free lunches, Free beers, Team parties in addition to the large no. of learning opportunities of an early stage startup


