
beatmysalary.com (BMS)
BMS is a sleek private portal that does one thing extraordinarily well - connect top talent with recruiters by allowing recruiters to make contact with candidates
BMS is a revolution in recruiting, we are launching this portal in the next few days!
The office is based in Malleshwaram - this is strictly an office based role with NO WFH option.
The Opportunity:
Do you love helping and working with our esteemed customers all day along? Do you have a passion for making a recruitment product go viral? do you think you would HEAD the best product in the recruitment space? can you transform a prospect into a paying client? Do you enjoy being a Product Specialist and help our clients unlock the value of our product? If so, hop on and we would love to hear back.
Success in this role means:
-Identify potential customers through our social media and other relevant campaigns
-Understand product in an out, make suggestions, speak to prospective clients, explain the product USPs and build the business from Ground UP and lead the teams across India
- Converting qualified prospects to paid customers- Exhibiting a passion for engaging with and serving customers. 
Responsibilities :

Become a BMS product expert. Our product team moves extremely fast. So, this is an ongoing challenge.
Work with our prospective customers to help them evaluate our product by communicating with them via chat, email and phone
Dig into various data points, monitor customers’ Product Usage patterns and thus collect intelligent data to start conversations with customers.
Identify product requirements, and work with internal teams to meet customer needs
Work closely with internal teams to constantly improve onboarding processes, improve the product by capture customer feedback, etc
Work with the product development team to enhance product capabilities
Do the necessary talking/walking at events incase if it is required

Ideal Candidate will have:

1-4 years Prior experience doing customer onboarding in the recruitment based service industry 
A true passion to Help and Serve customers. Happy to talk to customers all day long.
You’re driven: No one needs to push you or manage YOU. You take charge and deliver.
You have a natural curiosity about technology and it doesn’t intimidate you 
Patient ; well organised ; a good listener and a teacher
Detail-oriented, extremely well organized, able to juggle many tasks – Followup call in the morning, Customer Onboarding in the afternoon, number crunching at 4pm, report to UK headoffice in the evenings
Superb phone presence and exceptional written / email communication skills


There would be a 6 month probation to start with, salary is negotiable.

