
SHEROES.in is career ecosystem for women, with mentorship, opportunities, resources and community on offer. The work we do helps put more women in workforce and move the needle on gender balance. We also help companies improve their P&amp;L by creating new models of engagement.  We  believe that design and super user experience can help us chase this big hairy  audacious goal faster and better.  This is a core team position, for someone who wants to do well and do good work and change the way we work and think.
As a UX / UI lead in the core team, you would:

Own the user experience across platforms 
Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering
Conceptualize original ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex design roadblocks
Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas
Present and defend designs and key milestone deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders
Conduct user research and evaluate user feedback
Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards
Demonstrable UI design skills with a strong portfolio
Have experience in creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps
Have proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator or other visual design and wire-framing tools
Have proficiency in HTML5, CSS, Twitter Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery for rapid prototyping.
Have excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction
The ability to present your designs and sell your solutions to various stakeholders.
Have experience with agile development methodologies
Be up-to-date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies
Bring proficiency in developing optimized UI for different android /IOS versions and devices
A relevant degree is preferred but hands on approach is preferred more. 
Have a desire to create the best
Be a lover of code + design
Be cognizant of one's professional imprint
Be an inspiration to the team
Be young, hungry and impatient
We are high energy, high impact. We have a special place for Outliers and square pegs in round holes.

 
Want to get your name etched in the business history books? Work with SHEROES.in. We tell you why  

SHEROES.in is the world’s fastest growing women’s platform.
We practice what we preach – most of us have a life outside office. But if you like working nights as well, we like you already.
We are driven by purpose and passion. Everything that happens in the office is highly impactful.
We are unique. Period.
You grow with the company.
You can switch roles – do what you love and want to learn.
At SHEROES.in delivery is the only hierarchy – we are proud to be a flat and transparent organization.
This is your platform to execute all ideas in your head and build processes.
You will be helping companies build gender diverse businesses and with their P&amp;L value.
We are an equal opportunity employer
Working with us financially rewarding.
We love good food and beer, on Fridays it is on the house.

Job Perks
This is a core position with excellent salary, benefits and ESOPs

