
Are you looking for the next exciting challenge in your career and are you ready to join our world-class team? Are you looking for a job where you are fully responsible for

Conceptualizing and execute solutions for distributed systems in conjunction with teams.
Defining a common architecture, which guides the development of multiple applications around it.
Playing a key role in setting-up architecture, coding practices and design guidelines for enforcing best practices across the company.
Working with the sales/business analysis team to propose business solution(s) for prospective clients.
Proactively solicit and maximally leverage the technical inputs for multiple projects/applications.
Take initiative for the overall development of the engineering team (by conducting on-the-job training, mentoring program and so on).
Providing inputs and guidance to technical architects to analyze, research and design projects keeping in mind the frequently changing requirements of the client.
Bringing in maturity and understanding of system maintainability and extensibility.
Perceive and communicate unstated customer requirements.
Demonstrate true mentoring capabilities and provide technical guidance to team members.
Take up the role of a technical evangelist outside the project architecture responsibilities.
Provide technical inputs to the program manager/ business analysts to facilitate in understanding customer requirements.
Analyze and evaluate infrastructure and performance requirements of the client.


Desired Skills &amp; experience:

Well versed in at least one or more of following technologies: Java, Ruby, JavaScript and or Python.
Hands on experience with functional and post-functional languages such as Scala and Clojure will be added plus
Experience with one or more caching mechanisms:  Varnish, memcache, redis
Experience with non-relational Databases: Mongo, Cassandra, or Neo4j, aerospike
Experience with MPP databases, such as Redshift or Bigquery
Good to have: Experience on Hbase, Hadoop, Storm, Kafka, ETL
Search: Solr, Sphinx, Elasticsearch
Source Code versioning: GitHub, Bitbucket
Hands on experience with shared-nothing architectures and functional programming techniques, such as MapReduce
Well versed with Continuous integration, Continuous deployment using Jenkins
Code quality checks with Sonarqube


